chore(http): Refresh some headers pages (~a-c) (#36038)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/headers/alt-svc/index.md

{{HTTPSidebar}}

The HTTP **`Alt-Svc`** response header lets a server indicate that another network location (the "alternative service") can be treated as authoritative for that origin when making future requests.

> Doing so allows new protocol versions to be advertised without affecting in-flight requests, and can also help servers manage traffic. Using an alternative service is not visible to the end user; it does not change the URL or the origin of the request, and does not introduce additional round trips.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing so allows new protocol versions to be advertised without affecting in-flight requests and can also help servers manage traffic. Using an alternative service is not visible to the end user; it does not change the URL or the origin of the request and does not introduce additional round trips.
```

```

- `clear`

>   - : The value `clear` indicates that the origin asks for all alternative services of the origin to be invalidated.

Reviewer: Rewording to keep it similar to the description of other directives. Would it be correct to say:
```suggestion
  - : All alternative services of the origin are invalidated.
```

- `<protocol-id>`

>   - : The {{Glossary("ALPN")}} protocol identifier. Examples include `h2` for HTTP/2 and `h3-25` for draft 25 of the HTTP/3 protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : The {{Glossary("ALPN", "Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN)")}} protocol identifier. Examples include `h2` for HTTP/2 and `h3-25` for draft 25 of the HTTP/3 protocol.
```

- `<alt-authority>`

>   - : The quoted string specifying the alternative authority which consists of an optional host override, a colon, and a mandatory port number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A quoted string specifying the alternative authority, consisting of an optional host override, a colon, and a mandatory port number.
```

- `ma=<max-age>` {{optional_inline}}
  - : The number of seconds for which the alternative service is considered fresh.
    If omitted, it defaults to 24 hours.
    Alternative service entries can be cached for up to `<max-age>` seconds, minus the age of the response (from the {{HTTPHeader("Age")}} header).
    Once the cached entry expires, the client can no longer use this alternative service for new connections.
- `persist=1` {{optional_inline}}

>   - : Usually cached alternative service entries are cleared on network configuration changes.

Reviewer: I can't select line 48 but this suggestion is for lines 47 and 48.
We should say upfront what `persist=1` means.
If accepting this change, line 48 can be removed.
```suggestion
  - : Entries are not deleted by network configuration changes. Usually, cached alternative service entries are cleared on such changes.
```

Author: done in 91eca0a424

## See also

> - [Alternative Services](https://www.mnot.net/blog/2016/03/09/alt-svc) article about `Alt-Svc` by HTTP Working Group chair Mark Nottingham (2016)

Reviewer: - Can be made more compact
- we usually say "...on <website>" but I think we can let this be
- to future proof it, we should consider removing "HTTP Working Group chair"
```suggestion
- [Alternative Services](https://www.mnot.net/blog/2016/03/09/alt-svc) by HTTP Working Group chair, Mark Nottingham (2016)
```
